Now that I'm not in the active duty Navy, I joined the US Navy Reserves
and I've been there for about the last eight years. So, that job isn't
extremely difficult. They say that it's two days per month, two
weeks per year and I've actually worked a lot more than that but it's
a minimal time in the military. So, I've had a lot of time to do
whatever I wanted to. I've split it between working at jobs. For instance,
my job is, I'm a Japanese teacher in Japan but also work for
the University of Southern California Institute for Creative Technologies
and I find little pieces of jobs here and there. So, I'm a part
of a start-up. A computer science start-up working with virtual reality.
I also go to school. So, I'm a full-time master's student when
I'm back in America and I am studying game development.